[Narrator]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai:
Frieza underwent a
terrifying transformation...
[Frieza]
You're in for it now...
My second form makes
the one you're familiar
with look gentle as
a sleeping kitten.
[Narrator] Can our heroes
withstand the coming onslaught?
Find out-- now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[Krillin grunting]
[gasping]
[pained grunting]
[laughing]
That damn fool...
That's what you get
for worrying about that Namekian
brat more than yourself!
[crying]
Show pity in battle...
and you're through!
[Freiza] How unfortunate.
I'd intended to toy
with you a bit more.
But like I say,
my power tends to get away
from me while I'm in this form.
[Gohan screaming] Krilliin!
[grunting]
Ah... perhaps you have
a bit of fire left in you,
after all...
[Gohan screaming]
No, Gohan... Stay...
back... [groaning]
[gasping]
Hmmm... and the spark goes out.
[splashing]
Krillin, no!
[blasting off]
[Frieza chuckling]
Don't bother trying
to save him... You can't.
He's already dead.
If I were you, I'd focus
on saving myself instead...
Not that it'll
make a difference.
Whether you're a
Namekian dust mite...
or a sniveling Earth brat...
or a Saiyan monkey...
None of you have even the
slightest chance of escape.
[chuckling]
[Gohan] No!
It's not too late...!
Move!
I... I said move...!
[Vegeta] What?!
[Gohan screaming]
[Frieza yelling]
[charging up]
[screaming]
[explosion]
[Gohan screaming]
[Frieza yelling]
[Gohan screaming, charging up]
[shooting, explosions]
[Gohan screaming]
[Vegeta thinking]
What's going on?
The kid's power level
just exploded!
[Gohan screaming, charging up]
[Vegeta thinking]
You mean to tell me,
he's been holding this
much energy back
this whole time...?
[mighty explosion]
[breathing deeply]
[Vegeta thinking]
In-Incredible...
When his emotions run wild,
he loses control and taps into
some sort of vast
hidden power...
Not even Frieza could
withstand it...
So, does this
mean he's the closest
to becoming a Super Saiyan?
This-This little brat?!
[breathing deeply]
[Goahan]
I-I have to get to Krillin...
[waves crashing]
But... where is he...?
[gasping for air]
You found him...!
[Dende] It's going
to be alright!
He's still alive!
Good... We gotcha,
Krillin! Just hang on!
[Vegeta] Stay focused!
You don't have time
to worry about him!
Did you really
think that Frieza
would be defeated
that easily?!
So kid... there's more to
you than meets the eye...
I'm not going to lie to you,
that actually
hurt just a bit...
But I wouldn't let
that go to your head.
Like I said before...
none of you stand a
chance against me.
All you've done
is make me even more
excited to kill you.
Damn it... Hey, kid...
I hope you saved
some of that power...
We have to go all
out-- all or nothing.
[Frieza charging up, laughing]
I don't believe it...
It feels like he's making
himself even stronger...
Way stronger...!
[Vegeta thinking] He's been
suppressing his energy?!
I thought he couldn't
control his power in this form!
Remember the pain
you've dealt me...
for I will return it
a thousand fold!
[Goku thinking]
Frieza's power just spiked.
The others won't be able to hold
out much longer at this rate...
[nervous gasping]
[slow chuckle]
What are you doing?!
Move! Now!
[coughing]
Oh, dear...
don't tell me
I've taken all the fight
out of you already?
I promise, we're
only just getting started.
[Frieza yelling]
[grunting]
[laughing]
Seems I got
worked up over nothing.
You really are just a child.
[Vegeta screaming]
[explosion]
I'm not!
Did you forget you still
had me to contend with?
That oversight will cost you.
Here...
This is the price...
for turning your back on
the Prince of Saiyans.
[charging up]
Die Frieza!
[explosions]
[laughing]
So... I don't stand a
chance against you... huh?
You're a fool to take
me so lightly, Frieza...
rather, you were.
[laughing]
Huh?!
[gasping]
Now, now, Vegeta...
wait your turn.
I'll be sure to take
my time with you
once I'm done with the brat.
I-I hit him with everything...
and there's not even a
scratch... We're doomed...
Now then...
what do you say we pick
up where we left off?
[grunting]
[laughing]
[screaming]
[pained gasping]
[Frieza laughing]
[blasting off]
[screaming]
He's gone!
Am I?
[fearful mumbling]
[laughing]
[screaming]
I think it's about time
I put my foot down.
[screaming]
Goodbye... boy.
[laughing]
[screaming]
[flying sounds]
[Piccolo thinking] Gohan's
life force is getting weaker...
I can barely sense it...
Hang on, Gohan...
I'm almost there!
[blasting off]
[screaming]
[Freiza] What's wrong?
Eh, Vegeta?
Not going to bother saving him?
Or could it be that you're
simply paralyzed with fear?
Don't worry.
You won't have
to move a muscle.
Just give me
one more moment
to finish crushing the
life out of this one.
And then, I'll be more than
happy to come to you.
[pained gasping]
[Vegeta thinking] I could care
less about Kakarot's brat...
but even if I wanted
to save him...
what the hell am I
supposed to do?!
[Gohan thinking]
Dad... Piccolo...
[machine beeping,
water bubbling]
[Goku thinking] Feels like
Gohan's energy is fading fast...
He's dying!
Damn it!
I can't afford to wait
until I'm fully recovered.
I have to go-- now!
[weaker gasping]
[laughing]
--Time to die.
--Kienzan!
[Frieza screaming]
What?! Who did that?!
You Vegeta?!
You?!
But you... you're dead!
I ran you through! There's no
way you could've survived!
[charging up]
No... Impossible!
Kienzan!
Ha!
[Goku thinking]
That energy... It's Krillin--
it's gotta be!
He's back! But how?
What's going on out there?
AHHHH-ah!
[fearful gasping]
[angry grunting]
[raspberry]
What?!
Come on, whatcha gonna do now
you big ugly freak?
[raspberry]
Here, I'll give you a target!
Why, you...!
How dare you mock me?!
[Krillin thinking] I may not
be strong enough to fight him,
but if I'm lucky,
I can at least keep
him distracted...
Oh, boy...
There we go!
[scared gasping, mumbling]
Coward... Go ahead
and run if you like...
All you're doing is
delaying the inevitable.
[scared screaming]
[chuckling]
Heh. No more games.
[small explosions]
[Frieza] Now, come out of there!
[coughing]
[maniacal laughing]
Far enough!
I'm upset you survived
my last attack...
But the fact that you
clipped my tail,
that makes me furious!
So this time I'm going
to rip you apart
until there's nothing left!
Ah... Not good!...
One chance...!
Ha!
[water exploding]
[water bubbling]
[chuckling]
Try as you might, these
pathetic attempts at escape
won't be enough
to save you...
[water bubbling]
[Krillin struggling, choking]
I will personally
tear you limb from limb!
Come! Show yourself!
[water exploding, splashing]
[heavy breathing]
Now...!
Taiyo-ken!
[screaming]
Thank goodness.
He's not dead...
Don't worry, I'll
heal you right away!
Vegeta! Now!
Frieza's stunned! Attack!
Ah... so that's
what's been going on...
What're you waiting for?!
There's not much time!
[Gohan laughing]
[Dende laughing]
Hey, that's great!
He healed Gohan, too!
It never crossed
your mind to tell me
the Namekian kid
had healing powers?
Why would you
keep that a secret?!
What are you crazy?!
You think we knew anything
about it before now?
if we had
we would've gotten him to
heal Goku a long time ago!
Wow, neat trick, Dende...
I owe ya' one.
No, I'm glad to help.
Huh?
OKay! Now I'm mad!
What in the...?!
[charging up]
[waves roaring]
[rock collapsing]
He may whine
like an Earthling,
but he heals like a Saiyan--
his power level's gone up
quite significantly, I'd say.
[screaming]
Alright... Perhaps this
is just what we needed
to turn the tide
of this battle.
Damn it!
How do they keep coming back?!
How many times do I have
to kill these pests
before they die!
Now! Blow him away!
[shots firing,
all three screaming]
[explosions]
You really don't
know when to quit.
Damn it...!
No way am I giving up!
I don't care what he says!
Maybe it's hopeless...
but even if it is,
we still have to try!
Gohan! Don't!
It's Piccolo!
Sorry to keep you waiting.
You're really here!
I was starting to worry that
you didn't make it! [laughing]
So that's Frieza.
I see... He's even more
hideous than I imagined...
Aren't you one to talk.
How are you even here?
I thought we
killed you on Earth.
Wait, don't tell me...
That's what these imbeciles
did with the
Dragon Balls, isn't it?
Why would they
waste a wish
to bring back a worthless
piece of trash like you?
Well, if you're
feeling brave...
stick around and you'll
see for yourself...
But, it's only fair
to warn you...
after I've defeated Frieza
I'll be coming for you next.
After you've defeated
Freiza, you say? (laughing)
That's funny. I didn't
think you Namekians
were capable
of telling jokes.
So, yet another Namekian
who escaped my attention...
Yes, and there's something
different about this one,
he's far more imposing
than the others...
Of course, his fate
will still be the same...
In another moment,
he'll be joining the rest
of his kind in oblivion.
[Goku thinking]
Who's that?
Someone new
just showed up,
but I don't recognize
the energy... Unless...
Piccolo? No.
No way, it couldn't be.
Even if he was here somehow,
that power level is
way too huge to be him...
But then, Gohan's energy
is back to full strength, too...
None of this makes any sense!
Now then...
Time to give this monster a
taste of his own medicine.
I'll fight alone...
The rest of you,
stay out of my way.
So that's him, he's the
one they wished back!
He looks almost
exactly like Nail!
Take shelter, Dende,
before you get
caught in the crossfire.
Go. Now!
Who is he?
And how does he know my name?
[Gohan] Piccolo...!
Oh, man...
Are we gonna let
him go through with this?
It's crazy, right?!
[Goku thinking] Hm. Things
have gotten quiet out there...
Almost too quiet.
I don't know what's happening,
but whoever
this new fighter is--
I sure hope he's on our side.
[Narrator] At last,
Piccolo has arrived
to join Gohan and the
others in their struggle.
But will his new powers
truly enable him
to topple the mighty Frieza?
One way or another, the
battle may be decided
long before Goku emerges
from the healing chamber--
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[Goku] Hey, it's me, Goku!
Wow, so that is Piccolo.
He's been wished back,
and now he's here on Namek!
[Piccolo] Sorry to keep
you waiting, Gohan.
[Gohan] Piccolo!
[Piccolo] I'm about to
clean up this cosmic trash
once and for all!
It'll give me a good chance
to show off my new power!
Next time, on
Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[Gohan]
You're kidding!
So does a second transformation
mean he's twice as strong?